Wad2Map
A Doom to Quake3 level converter
by Ted Mielczarek

Wad2Map is just what its name states: A Doom wad to Quake map converter.  Yes,
now you can (more or less) play your favorite doom maps as Quake maps.  I know,
I know, there have been other converters, and they produce mostly crap.  I'm not
saying that Wad2Map is perfect, but it's a heck of a lot better than those. (In
my opinion, anyway).

Wad2Map is released under the GNU Public Lisence.  See GPL.txt for details.

Usage
----
You can simply run "wad2map somewad.wad" and Wad2Map will convert the first level
it finds in that wad into a quake map.  Or, you can take matters into your
own hands and use some of the following commandline switches:

-a
Convert all levels in the wad.  Fairly obvious as to the functionality.

-m mapname
Convert this map.  If used with -a, also converts all maps after this in the wad.

-e file
Read the entity conversion list from this file.  The default is entities.list.  See
that file for a description of the format.

How exactly does it work?
----
Wad2Map determines the ssectors by using the node clipping lines to clip a world-size
polygon down to size.  Once it has created all the ssectors, it csg subtracts these
polygons from a world-size polygon to get the rest of the world geometry (what you
see as the walls).  Fairly simple.  Mostly.  Unfortunately, it's not quite that simple,
so it's not perfect.  You will still get some bad brushes occasionally.  Hopefully this
will be fixed eventually.

Credits
----
Wad2Map would not have been possible without the help of the following:

Trey Harrison, who schooled me in some aspects of computational geometry.
Stephen Crowley, who had the original idea.
Matt Fell's Doom Specs - The Ultimate Doom Resource.
Niklata's Quake Map Specs - An excellent guide to the .map format.
The denizens of EFnet #QuakeEd, for being generally unhelpful.

Etc.
----
The Wad2Map homepage is http://www.lehigh.edu/~tam4/wad2map
The author, Ted Mielczarek, can be contacted via email at tam4@lehigh.edu.  Please
include Wad2Map in the subject line, or your mail is likely to be tossed aside.  And
don't complain about what's not implemented, unless you have an actual idea of how
to do so.  Praise (and money) are accepted.


-Ted
2-11-2000
